JK Rowling	Author of the Harry Potter book series
Johnny Depp	This actor plays Captain Jack Sparrow
Kylie Jenner	Who is the youngest Kardashian/Jenner
Victorious	Which Nickelodeon TV show did Ariana Grande star in
Lonzo Ball	What college basketball player's dad created the Big Baller Brand selling his shoes for over $450
James Corden	late night host that does Carpool Karaoke
Mannequin Challenge	In 2016 this fad went viral by keeping people motionless
Alec Baldwin	Plays Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live
Avatar	Highest grossing movie of all time based on cumulative worldwide box office
Riverdale	Which 2017 Teen tv show is based on the "Archie" comics
Homage	Clothing company that started in Columbus that specializes in vintage t-shirts, hoodies, and other apparel now sold all over the U.S.
Tetris	Best selling video game of all time
1985	The year Super Mario Brothers was released
Chris Evans	Actor that plays Captain America in the Marvel movies
Benedict Cumberbatch	Actor that plays Sherlock in the BBC series
Squid Game	Most popular Netflix series ever
Yeezy Boost 350	shoes by Kanye West and Adidas
J.R.R. Tolkien	Author of the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings
Mufasa	Name of Simba's dad in the Lion King
Anakin Skywalker	Darth Vader's real name in Star Wars
Can't Stop this Feeling	Justin Timberlake's song from Trolls
Ric Flair	John Cena and this man are the only 16 time world wrestling champions
Prince	This musical artist passed away in 2016 and is known for songs such as "Little Red Corvette" and "Purple Rain"
Steve Jobs	was one of the founders of Apple Inc.
Magnavox Odyssey	considered the first video game console
"Baby Shark Dance" by Pinkfong	Most watched YouTube video of all time
Ellen Degeneres	voice of Dory from Finding Nemo and Finding Dory
Ursula	The best Disney villain of all time according to E News
9	Number of Fast and the Furious movies released in theaters
Darius Rucker	This country singer once had a rock band called Hootie and the Blowfish
Graceland	The name of Elvis Presley's estate
2009	Year Michael Jackson died
Morgan Freeman	Played South African President Nelson Mandela in the movie "Invictus"
Tokyo	City with the highest population in the world
Pennsylvania	Only state in the US that starts with a P
Pacific	World's largest ocean
Keanu Reeves	Plays John Wick
Will Ferrell	Plays the character Ricky Bobby
New York City	Most populated US City
Tom Hanks	Who played Forest Gump
"Thriller" by Michael Jackson	Best selling album of all time (32 million)
Garth Brooks	Highest grossing musician
Lincoln	Capital city of Nebraska
Malia and Sasha	the names of President Obama's daughters
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs	Disney's first fully animated feature film
Sam Hunt	sings the popular country song "Body like a Back Road"
Backstreet Boys	Sang the song "I want it that way" released in 1999 and called the pop ballad of the year
Total Request Live (TRL)	TV show on MTV that featured a live audience and was hosted by Carson Daly who would count down the day's top 10 music videos
Destiny's Child	Music group that Beyonce was a member of before she started her solo career
Bob Barker	Long time host of the day time television game show "The Price is Right"
Larry the Cable Guy	Voice of Mater in the Cars movies
Allstate Insurance	Commercials feature a character called Mayhem causing destruction for the owners of vehicles and homes
Monday	What night is Monday Night Football on
Alaska	Largest state by area in the US
Los Angeles	What city is nicknamed the City of Angels?
Las Vegas	What city is nicknamed Sin City?
Chicago	What city is nicknamed the Windy City?
New York City	What city is nicknamed the Big Apple?
California	What state is nicknamed the Golden State?
Texas	What state is nicknamed the Lone Star State?
Hawaii	What state is nicknamed Aloha State?
red	What color are Mickey Mouse's shorts?
honey	What edible substance do bees make?
9	How many innings make up a professional baseball game?
Italy	Which country would you visit if you wanted to see the Leaning Tower of Pisa?
Frankenstein	Which famous monster was created by a doctor?
pot of gold	According to myth, what is found at the end of the rainbow?
orthodontist	If you needed braces, what kind of doctor would you visit?
The Beatles	Which band produced the hit song "Yellow Submarine"?
Peter Piper	According to the rhyme, who picked a peck of pickled peppers?
English Channel	What body of water separates France and England?
Tangled	What is the name of the Disney movie about Rapunzel?
chlorophyll	What pigment gives leaves their green color and absorbs light that is used in photosynthesis
Mercury	Which of the planets in our solar system is closest to the sun?
pride	What is the collective noun used to describe a group of lions?
a joey	What is a baby kangaroo called?
a kid	What is a baby goat called?
cub	What is a baby lion called?
the bat	What is the only mammal that can fly?
Baggins	In Lord of the Rings, what is Frodo and Bilbo's last name?
apple	What falling fruit supposedly inspired Sir Isaac Newton to discover the law of gravity?
George Washington	Who was the first President of the United States?
6	How many strings are on a standard guitar?
bamboo	What type of grass do pandas eat?
Mt. Everest	What is the world's highest mountain?
Kryptonite	What is Superman's weakness?
the iris	What is the name for the colored part of an eye?
knight	What piece on a chess board moves in an L-shape?
red, yellow, blue	What are the three primary colors?
12	What is the square root of 144?
9	What is the square root of 81?
8	What is 2 cubed, or 2 to the third power?
France	In which country would you find the Eiffel Tower?
Egypt	In which country would you find the Great Pyramid of Giza?
a pumpkin	What was Cinderella's coach made from?
V	What letter represents 5 in Roman numerals?
the ostrich	What is the world's largest bird
8	How many sides does an octagon have?
February	What is the shortest month of the year?
52	How many weeks are in a year?
Greg Heffley	Who is the main character in Diary of a Whimpy Kid?
Sebastian	What is the name of the crab in Disney's "The Little Mermaid"?
Buzz Lightyear	What special toy does Andy receive for his birthday in the original "Toy Story" movie?
Katniss Everdeen	Who is the main character in The Hunger Games
JK Rowling	Who wrote the Harry Potter series?
string, brass, woodwind, percussion	What are the four sections in an orchestra?
India	What country is the Taj Mahal located in?
Atlantic Ocean	If you flew from New York City to London, what ocean would you cross?
Neil Armstrong, in 1969	Who was the first man to walk on the moon?
the Civil War	In what war did the United States fight itself?
1912	In what year did the Titanic sink?
Alaska	What is the northernmost state in the United States?
the Pacific Ocean	What is the largest ocean in the world?
Amelia Earheart	Who was the first female pilot to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean?
igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic	Name the three types of rock.
32	How many teeth does an adult human usually have?
oxygen	What does a fire need to keep it going?
the piano	If you're a "master of the ivory keys," what instrument do you play?
the Man of Steel	What is Superman's nickname?
the Dark Knight	what is Batman's nickname?
Spider-Man	Who is Peter Parker's secret identity?
Iron Man	What superhero owns Stark Industries?
3	How many periods are in an ice hockey game?
13	What is the number for a "Baker's Dozen"?
4	What is the number of months that have exactly 30 days?
18	What is the number of holes on a golf course?
5	What is the number of Great Lakes?
Jackie Robinson	Who was the first African-American Major League baseball player?
Nike	What company's logo is called the "swoosh"?
Eight	How many gold medals did Michael Phelps win at the 2008 Olympics?
Bottom	On a standard traffic light, is the green on the top or bottom?
Right	In which hand is the Statue of Liberty's torch?
Right	Which side of a women's blouse are the buttons on?
Roosevelt	Whose face is on a dime?
8	How many sides does a stop sign have?
Bashful	Sleepy, Happy, Sneezy, Grumpy, Dopey, Doc. Who's missing?
6	How many hot dog buns are in a standard package?
3	How many curves are in a standard paper clip?
Electoral College	Who in the US ofﬁcially elects the President and the Vice President?
Iron Man	What is name of Tony Stark's superhero persona?
The Hobbit	What is the prequel to the Lord of the Rings series?
98.6 degrees Fahrenheit	What is the average core body temperature of a human (in degrees Fahrenheit, taken to the tenth digit)?
World War II	What war took place from 1939 to 1945?
Oakland	This city, also among the top 50 in population, lies directly across the bay from San Francisco.
Carrie Underwood	This season 4 winner has country hits of "Undo It," "All-American Girl," and "Before He Cheats." Her 2009 album Play On included "Temporary Home."
Turkey	What do you call three consecutive strikes in bowling?
Three	How many periods are there in an ice hockey game?
Goal Keeper	In soccer, which player is allowed to use his or her hands in the field of play?
6	In American football, how many points is a touchdown worth?
England	What country does the soccer player Wayne Rooney come from?
Boxing	In which sport was Muhammad Ali the world champion?
4	How many bases are there on a baseball field?
Swimming	Crawl, backstroke and butterfly are different methods in which sport?
Spare	What term in tenpin bowling describes having knocked all the pins down after your second bowl?
Bishop	Which chess piece can only move diagonally?
Rice Krispies	Which breakfast cereal is advertised with the slogan "Snap, crackle and pop"?
Hedgehog	What sort of animal is the video game character Sonic?
Table Tennis	Ping-pong is an alternative name for which sport?
9	How many players are there in a baseball team?
NBA Finals	What is the name of the championship series that the NBA has to end the playoffs?
Dugout	Baseball players stand in a certain area while they're waiting to play. What is this area called?
Sleeping Beauty	Which Disney movie is Princess Aurora the main character?
The Little Mermaid	In which Disney movie is there a fish called Flounder?
Beauty and the Beast	In which Disney movie is there a man named Gaston?
It's head	Where is a shrimp's heart located?
George Washington	Who was the first American President?
5	How many rings are on the Olympic flag?
Knee (it's the kneecap)	Where in your body is your patella?
Microsoft	Which company is owned by Bill Gates?
Toyota	Which car company makes the Celica?
Alaska	What is the largest state in the USA?
Delaware	Which American state is nicknamed The Diamond State?
0 (zero)	What digit does not exist in Roman Numerals?
Idaho	Which American state produces the most potatoes?
May	Emerald is the birth stone for which month?
Femur	Identify the bone found in the leg between the knee and the hips.
The eye	Astigmatism, strabismus, conjunctivitis, ophthalmia, and presbyopia are disorders affecting what organ?
Japan	The flag of what Asian nation includes a red circle on a white background?
Skin	Identify the largest organ of the human body.
Arizona	This was the 48th state and is the only state that does not follow Daylight Saving Time, except for on its Navajo Reservation.
Old Faithful	What famous geyser might you get to observe if you visit Yellowstone Park?
Poncho	Which six-letter word refers to a Mexican blanket often slipped over the head and worn draped over the shoulder?
Excalibur	According to legend, what was the name of King Arthur's sword?
Fred Flintstone	In the world of classic cartoons, whose best buddy is Barney and wife is Wilma?
Earth	Identify the meaning of the three letter Greek prefix ―geo‖
Versus	Identify the six-letter Latin word for ―against‖ that is often used to describe two competitors in a sports match or opposing sides in a legal case.
5	How many "Great Lakes" are there?
4	How many months have exactly 30 days?
India	When Columbus sailed from Spain on his epic journey what did he expect to find?
Benjamin Franklin	Who founded the first public library in the U.S.?
Honolulu	What is the capital of Hawaii?
Greece	Where did the Olympic Games originate?
Super Bowl	What is the championship game called for the NFL?
World Cup	What is the international soccer competition held every four years?
U.S. Open	What is the name of the annual open golf tournament of the U.S.?
July 4th (Originally 1776)	When is the Independence day of the United States?
Mona Lisaa	La Giaconda is better known as what
blood systems	What is classified by the A B O system?
13	Triskadeccaphobia is the fear of what?
Mountains in Scotland	What are Munroes?
Beards	If you had pogonophobia what would you be afraid of
Napoleon Bonaparte	Which leader died in St Helena?
Harry Houdini	What was Erich Weiss better known as?
Niña, Pinta, Santa Maria	The boats of Christopher Columbus's original expedition are
Lose their leaves in winter	What do deciduous trees do?
deciduous trees	What trees lose their leaves in winter?
Robin (Batman and Robin)	What is Dick Grayson better known as?
Duck billed platypus	Which mammal lays eggs?
an arab veil	What is a Yashmak?
John Adams	The second president of the United States.
three-headed dog that guards the gates of the Underworld	Cerberus
0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21	Fibonacci sequence
a mythical beast typically depicted as having the body of a lion, the face of a man, and the sting of a scorpion/Novel by Robertson Davies	Manticore
a legendary sea monster causing large whirlpools off the coast of Norway	Kraken
griffin	a fabled monster, usually having the head and wings of an eagle and the body of a lion
a creature, variously described as a serpent, lizard, or dragon, said to kill by its breath or look	Basilisk
Nile river	Longest river in the world
Trans-Canada	Longest highway in the world
Sahara desert	Biggest desert in the world
Brazil	Largest coffee growing country
Zambia	Country known as "Country of Copper"
Russia	Country which has biggest land area
Canada	Country which ranks second in terms of land area
Sicily	Largest island in Mediterranean sea
Ganges delta	Biggest delta in the world
Damascus (Syria)	World's oldest known city
Venice	City of Canals
Greenland	Biggest island of the world
Malaysia	Country which is largest producer of rubber in the world
China	Country which is largest producer of tin in the world
Amazon river	River which carries maximum quantity of water into the sea
Peking	City once called "Forbidden City"
Sir George Everest	Mount Everest was named after
Italy	Volcano Vesuvius is located in
Coastal area of Dead Sea	Lowest point on Earth is
South Africa	World's largest diamond producing country
James Cook	Australia was discovered by
Liffey	Dublin is situated at the mouth of river
New Amsterdam	Earlier name of New York city was
Alexander Eiffel	Eiffel tower was built by
Monaco	Country which has highest population density
Rose	National flower of Britain
Lily	National flower of Italy
Narcissus	National flower of China
England	First Industrial Revolution took place in
Abraham Lincoln	First republican president of America
United Nations Organization	UNO stands for
Michelangelo	'Last Judgement' was first painting of Italian painter named
Michelangelo, Donatello, Leonardo, Rafael	Four Masters of High Renaissance
Guermica	Most famous painting of Pablo Picasso
Canada	Primary producer of newsprint in the world
Giuseppe Garibaldi	Father of modern Italy
Norway	Country known for Land of the Midnight Sun
Tiber	Place known as Roof of the World
Margaret Thatcher	First woman Prime Minister of Britain
Lee Harvey Oswald	John F Kennedy was assassinated by
Sugar	Principal export of Jamaica
Madagascar	Island of Cloves
Tailand	Land of White Elephant
Korea	Land of Morning Calm
United States Library of Congress, Washington DC	Largest library in the world
Theodore Roosevelt 42	Youngest president of USA
Humphry Davy	Inventor of Light Bulb
Walter Hunt	Inventor of Safety pin
Huber Booth	Inventor of Vacuum cleaner
Retreiver	Most popular breed of dogs
Eric Schmidt	CEO of company Google
Bluebird	Which bird is international symbol of happiness?
Jolly Roger	What is pirate's flag with skull and cross-bones called?
Vitamin C	Common name for ascorbic acid
drone	Male bee
worker or queen	female bee
egg, larva, pupa	baby butterfly
frass	insect poop
chick, hatchling	baby bird
cock	male bird
hen	female bird
cockerel	baby rooster
pullet	young hen
drake	male duck
eaglet	baby eagle
tercel	male falcon
gander	male goose
gosling	baby goose
cygnet or flapper	baby swan
pen	male swan
cob	female swan
tom	male turkey
hackles	feathers on a bird's neck
dog	male dog
bitch	female dog
ram	male sheep
ewe	female ship
lamb	baby sheep
billy	male goat
nanny	female goat
vixen	female fox
kit	baby fox
stag or buck	male deer
doe	female deer
stallion or stud	male horse
mare	female horse
bull	male bovine (cattle, oxen, buffaloes, etc.)
cow	female bovine
calf	young bovine
herd or drove	group of cattle
fawn	baby deer
fry, fingerlings	baby fish
roe	fish eggs
tadpole, polliwog	baby frog
hatchling	baby snake
Kryptonite	HoWhat is Superman's weakness?
iris	What is the name for the colored part of the eye?
Egypt	Where is the Suez Canal?
Fe	What's the Symbol to iron?
1616	When did William Shakespeare die?
Between Spain and France	Where is the Pyrenees?
goose	What bird was domesticated first?
200,000	A cow gives about how many glasses of milk in her lifetime?
About 8 minutes and 18 seconds.	How long does it take light from the sun to reach the earth?
about 360,000 to 405,000 kilometers	How far is the moon from the earth?
70% hydrogen and 28% helium by mass everything else amounts to less than 2%	What is the sun made out of?
Fusion	What powers the sun?
about 5 billion years	How old is the sun?
about 4.5 billion years old	How old is the earth?
15-20 million years old	How old is the universe?
Jupiter	Which planet spins the fastest?
Venus	Which planet spins the slowest?
spiral galaxy	What is the Milky Way?
Proxima Centauri	What star other than the sun is closest to the earth?
Herring	What is the most widely eaten fish in the world?
Madagascar	What nation produces two thirds of the world's vanilla?
Shredded wheat	What was the first commercially manufactured breakfast cereal?
South America	Where did the pineapple plant originate?
dried plum	prunes
peanut	What's the groundnut better known as?
The pH scale.	What scale of zero to 14 is used to measure acidity or alkalinity?
The Watt	What unit of electrical power is equal to one joule per second?
liter	What's the common name for a cubic decimeter?
calorie	What measure of energy comes from the Latin word meaning "heat"?
salt	What's removed from water in the process of desalination?
mercury	What's the only metal that's not a solid at room temperature?
smelting	What process involves heating an ore to obtain a metal?
Antartica	What continent is subjected to the world's largest ozone hole?
8	How many planets are in the solar system?
gold	What's the most malleable metal?
Yitzhak Rabin- fifth Prime Minister of Israel	Who did Yigal Amir assassinate in 1995?
Galileo	What Italian astronomer invented the thermometer in 1592?
hologram	What's a flat image that can be displayed in three dimensions?
1 billion	What number does "giga" stand for?
binary	What word describes a number system with a base of two?
K,M	What two letters are both symbols for 1,000?
bit	What's short for "binary digit"?
ophthalmoscope	What do doctors look at an eye through?
White blood cells, or leukocytes	What do leukemia sufferers have too many of?
Hypoglycemia.	What's the medical term for low blood sugar?
cerebrovascular accident	What is the medical term for stroke?
cancer	What disease is the focus of oncology?
5	How many U.S. states border the Gulf of Mexico?
Christopher Columbus	What explorer introduced pigs to North America?
kidney	What was the first organ successfully transplanted from a corpse to a live person?
course	cadaver
France	Which country gave the USA the 'Statute of Liberty?
Angel falls in Venezuela	What is the name of the worlds higest water fall?
Vatican city	What is the smallest country in the world?
Lake Erie, Lake Ontario, Lake Superior, Lake Huron, Lake Michigan	What are the great lakes of North America?
moss	What is the first organisms to grow back after fire?
Waterloo	What 1815 battle in Belgium marked the final defeat of Napoleon?
September, April, June, November	What months have 30 days?
the thymus gland or pancreas of an animal (food)	Sweetbreads
First 10 amendments (additions) to the US Constitution	What is the Bill of Rights?
Who wrote the Emancipation Proclamation? Abraham Lincoln	Who wrote the Emancipation Proclamation?
freedom for the slaves	What did it (Emancipation Proclamation) declare?
1,000	How many years in a millennium?
366	How many days in a leap year?
Every 4 years	How often are leap years?
Washington DC,District of Columbia	What is the capital of the United States?
1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington, DC 20500	What is the address of the white house?
the branch that carries out/enforces laws	What is the Executive Branch?
the president, the vice president, the cabinet	Who are the members of the Executive Branch?
The White House	Where is the Executive Branch located?
the branch that decides the meaning of laws, how they are applied, and interprets laws based on Constitution	What is the Judicial Branch?
The Supreme Court and the lower courts	Who are the members of the Judicial Branch?
The Supreme Court	Where is the Judicial Branch located?
9	How many members are there in the Supreme Court?
the branch that comes up/makes all the laws	What is the Legislative Branch?
The Congress- the Senate and the House of Representatives	Who are the members of the Legislative Branch?
The Capital Building	Where is the Legislative Branch located?
100 members total, two from each state, 6 year term if not reelected	How many members are there in the Senate?
425 members, number per state based on population of state	How many members are there in the House of Representatives?
Mt. Vernon/Potomac River	What was the name given to George Washington's home and along which river did he live?
Franklin D. Roosevelt	Which president led the US through WWII and the Great Depression and served more terms than any other president (3.5 terms)?
22nd Amendment	What amendment limited the amount of terms a president could serve after Franklin D. Roosevelt
John Lennon, Ringo Starr, Paul McCartney, George Harrison	Who are the four members of the Beatles?
Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr	Who is still living from the Beatles?
Queen Elizabeth II (just beat Queen Victoria on Sept. 9, 2015)	Who is the longest reigning British Monarch?